About Page (#68)
datatogether/website: content/about.md

---
title: "About"
date: 2019-10-20T23:00:29-04:00
draft: false
menu: "main"
---

**Our history**

Data Together launched in 2016 in the wake of the Data Rescue movement, as archivers organized into working groups to backup at-risk US federal government datasets.

Since then Data Together has evolved into new model for distributed, community-driven stewardship of data. This model shows how groups of people, companies, institutions, NGOs, and governments can use decentralized and peer-to-peer web infrastructure to access, discover, verify, and preserve data they care about. 

**Who we are**

Data Together is an ongoing, inclusive conversation, an open source community, a collaboration, a model, and a collection of tools, all of which are evolving quickly. We hope to build a future in which networks of collaborators make their data accessible to their peers, immediately discoverable, easily verifiable, and robustly preserved. 

> Data Together was founded and is led by three partner organizations listed below, and is comprised of members across the world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data Together was founded and is led by three partner organizations listed below, and comprises members across the world.
```

https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/comprise-versus-compose

<a href="https://envirodatagov.org"><img src="/images/EDGI_Logo.png" width="250" height="250" title="EDGI" alt="edgi"></a>

<a href="https://qri.io"><img src="/images/blobs_with_large_text_black.png" width="250" height="250" title="Qri" alt="Qri"></a>

<a href="https://protocol.ai/"><img src="/images/PL_Logo.png" width="350" height="250" title="EDGI" alt="edgi"></a>

> <button type="button">Become a member</button>

Reviewer: This would link to Join page? (Merged now!)
